Repetative task handler
it will create a bots for the process and scheduled in schedular.
UIpath is a first tool in RPA.
it is having both community and enterprise tool.
UI path components:UIPath studio,UI path Robot,UIpath orchestator-cloud platform(it will act as a database ).
https://cloud.uipath.com/  -install
two language -VB and C# -it will create the application backend language

for reusable using xaml new file called sequence
click activity -it will capture the address ,that is also called selector

Alt tab to change the application
F2
attach browser-selector will show the whole browser

ctrl+k for creating variable
temporary activity:meassagebox,writeline
Assignment:
login to bookboon application
after search click the hyperlink and fetch the details
create one excel with sno,book name,page count,author name,status

fetch the book name from the excel and set the those details

selector:
activity three line click->open in UI explorer ,it will open another window.


create variable in variable part
array of string with name
assign array-assign activity in main.xaml
for each loop-for each activity

navigate activity to url refresh home url should be used in navigate




two types of exception
1,system or application exception
2,business exception

workbook operation,excel operation we need excel scope activity

row and column-data table

log message should be done,main function -exception should be right in main page
pdf download option should be check-linux and maths

string,text,boolean,credential -four type of assests

orchestrator launch through assest.
queue act like a db,auto retry option-max 3-it is used to reload tthe browser

retriving from queue get transitem=transitem.specificcontent("colum key")

settransaction status:



Queue :
Main.xaml
login
excel fetch
adding to loop seperate activity.
do while loop for getting from queue


Dispacher or loader-it will used to add data in queue.

1,lookup range want to set values in excel.
2,keep one if case for whether excel is exist in path or not.
3,split the xaml for dispatcher and loader.



string b= System.Text.RegularExpressions.Regex.Replace(“string_Variable”,"\D","")


UI path foundation certification-theory,advance certification-practical -two codde should be uploaded.diploma certification.
https://acme-test.uipath.com/register

dispacher and performer.

page->workitem->for fst time is empty.
user option->account reset test data.
till development it can be 0.
1,for fst time user -should generate.
2,10npages workitem should be extract.
3,type WI5 with status open.->filter it.
4,queue concept should be update only filter item.
5,search button-wI5 item should be clicked ,client information detail should be extracted.
after this go to below website.
other website.
http://www.sha1-online.com/

client id-clientname-clent country
this input should be search in sha1 online website and click hash.
it will generate one key like result sha1.

go to acme,then click update item,with that comment and change status completed.

data scraping option.
filterdata table 